The groom's earnest proposal!
Looking good!
A little closer! Okay!
More lovingly!
Beautiful!
Soo-ji and Jae-joon
Okay, good!
You look Beautiful!
Groom, look over here.
That's good!
Look over there.
Jae-joon!
I have something to tell you.
Sorry, I'm a little busy, now.
Can we talk later?
I'm leaving Korea.
Come on.
I'm in a meeting
Let's talk later.
Where are you?
I'll come over!
No! Don't come!
I'm in Jeju lsland.
Again?
Jae-joon!
You know I love you, right?
I'll call you, later. Bye.
- Who's that?
- No one.
The guests are on board!
Check the tickets!
Park Sang-ho
DDA Weapons Team Chief
X: South African
weapons middleman
I'm transmitting an observatory
visual contact video.
Center, check out please.
He's here!
Stand by at the entrance!
Industrial security team!
Move out!
Park Sang-ho's
on the ferry!
Stand by
until the deal is made!
The deal's done!
Get 'em!
Freeze!
You're under arrest!
The bag!
We've found it!
It's empty!
All agents! Stand by!
Why's he smiling?
Got him!
Unidentified boat, 2 o'clock!
I repeat!
Boat coming in at 2 o'clock!
Points 3 and 6 move out!
I repeat! Points 3 and 6!
Move out!
I'm flying out, now.
I don't know
when I'll be back.
Stay healthy...
Meet a nice guy...
And take better
care of your skin.
I loved you.
Message erased.
Shit!
You don't know
shit about love!
Damn lies all the time!
Seoul in the morning
and Jeju lsland at lunch?
Hope you meet a guy just like you
and get screwed over!
You bitch!
Hope you meet a guyjust like you
and get screwed over!
You bitch!
It's 20 dollars.
You! In the wedding dress!
Stop right there!
- She's carrying a gun!
- Hey!
Freeze!
Don't go, Jae-joon! Jae-joon!
Go, get her!
Hurry! Hurry!
Jae-joon! Don't go!
I love you!
Don't go! You bastard!
Let me go!
Jae-joon! Jae-joon!
Soo-ji, I love you!
I love you! I love you!
KIM Ha-neul
KANG Ji-hwan
MY GlRLFRlEND lS AN AGENT
3 Years later
So how'd it go?
Industrial Security Team, NlS
Did you sleep with him?
Crazy?
I just met the guy!
The only way a man and a woman
can connect is through sex!
Please!
Hey! It's rude to be picKY
about men at your age.
As long as he's not
the eldest son!
I'm the eldest son.
My father passed away.
And I have two sisters.
It couldn't be worse!
A widowed mother
with two sisters!
Break up!
Excuse me.
Yes.
Ms. Ahn Soo-ji?
Please return the DVD you rented.
Don't you feel guilty...
Hello?
Who's calling, please?
Stop wasting your time!
Break up with him!
Yes, thank you.
I'm sorry.
I'm always on call.
I had no idea
travel agents were so busy.
So, are your sisters nice
Sung-joon?
Of course, they married early
and immigrated to the States.
Bravo! Nice!
All sister-in-laws should emigrate!
Isn't his mother
moving away, too?
Mom gave me the headache of
running one of our companies
but she's great.
Oh my god, if they're rich
the eldest son's the best!
Don't lose this man!
How long do I have to pretend
being a travel agent?
- Should I just tell him?
- Stick to regulations.
And lie all my life?
It's not lying
It's just hiding your identity.
Name, Roh Hyung-KYu
Age, 46.
Top researcher
for the federal project to
develop the antivirus for Al.
3 weeks ago
he secretly took
some of the frozen vaccine.
But the leaked vaccine was
modified B-type No. 9.
When exposed
at room temperature
it turns into a mutative virus.
Within 6 minutes it
will genetically
modify all living beings
in the country.
You call that a report!
It's not just a leak
in national assets!
It's exporting
a biochemical weapon!
We could be
aiding terrorists!
Check every delivery
sent out!
Find out everything on his family
finances, and who he meets!
Even what toothpaste
he uses!
We set up CCTV's and wiretap
devices in Dr. Roh's room.
From hacking his last email
we learned that he's meeting
his first contact at NS Hotel.
FN-DCS2873. It's a biochemical
tracking device.
Insert this
and we can track him 24-7
Really?
That's right.
Do you know how to use it?
I've never seen this before.
Let's see...
Okay, then...
Just stick it in the ass!
Excuse me.
Can I get you something, sir?
- Coffee.
- Yes, sir.
He drank it.
Get ready for him.
Tracking device initiated.
Everyone pull out.
Watch where you squirt!
Can't you aim it right?
You bastard!
How could you leave me!
You don't call once
in three years!
How can you
do that to me!
I'll kill you!
I told you to stop.
Quiet!
Name, please!
- When did you come back?
- Today.
- Where were you?
- Canada.
- What did you do?
- Study international accounting.
So you're an accountant?
State your name, please!
- Why didn't you call?
- Quit the travel agency?
Why'd you go?
Why are you a cleaning lady?
- Why'd you go?
- Like you don't know!
Tell me your names!
- Mister!
- Quiet!
You really don't know why I left?
3 years ago
Point 7! Head east!
I'm busy, now.
I have to fill in for
someone at work.
No! Don't come!
I'm in Jeju lsland...
Thank you.
Have a good day.
The phone has been turned off
Please leave a message...
Then what happened?
What would you have done?
I would've broken it off!
Lying all the time like that!
- I did!
- Good!
I bet she was cheating on you.
I was not!
Can't you say the truth for once!
Hi, Sung-joon.
Sorry. Something came up.
Here?
Well, I'm...
Say Jeju lsland
why don't you!
I'm at a police station.
Problems came up with a client.
Who's the guy?
None of your business
We're through.
That wasn't my fault
Still don't know why I left?
- I don't wanna know!
- Why!
Cuz you're the one
that left me!
Call me!
I'll help you get a better job.
I got connections.
I'm not an average
accountant.
Screw you! I'm not
an average cleaning lady.
Don't let me see you again
even if by accident.
Or I might kill you.
He's back?
After 3 years?
That's right!
And he didn't even think
of apologizing!
Don't be fooled by men
who apologize.
When they're really sorry
they can't say it.
Still! I'm not forgiving him!
An international accountant?
Isn't that better than Sung-joon?
- How about starting over?
- Forget it!
I'm marrying Sung-joon!
Patriot Dairies
Overseas operations
NlS Harimao Team
He's practically a kid.
What do I do with a guy
who used to file papers.
He worked on profiles
in Russia.
Train him to be a Harimao.
Not everyone can
become a Harimao.
Who said you can sit?
Who said you can stand?
Why'd you get dragged to
the police? That's humiliating.
Something unexpected
came up on the job, sir.
You should've expected
the unexpected!
- Sorry, sir.
- Enough.
Go easy.
Let's hear the report.
Yes, sir.
Well, well...
Who said
you can open that?
you can close that?
Think this is some joke?
Enough.
- Go on.
- Yes, sir.
Not in the eye, idiot!
Sorry, the password...
He's really
something alright.
Victor Bovchav.
A former KGB.
A top secret agent
for FSB's 'Vympel'
Vympel's intelligence
is top of the line.
North Korea's nuclear weapons
info came from here, first.
He probably came to
assassinate a key figure.
With my expert skills...
I trailed Victor's every
move 24- 7 in Russia.
- Next!
- Yes, sir.
He is already on the ClA's black list
for assassinating many key figures.
He arrived 32 hours ago and is
staying at Rm. 909 at NS Hotel.
What's that?
Whose phone's
on during a meeting?
Sorry, sir.
Hello?
Mom...
What's my baby boy doing?
I'm in a meeting.
Really?
I love you, son!
Love you too, Mom.
Who's big boy are you?
Mama's big boy!
I apologize.
Where was l?
Love you, too
Mama's big boy!
- Thank you. As I was saying...
- Enough!
A former Russian spy probably
didn't come for sightseeing.
Boot him out
before he does anything.
That won't be easy, sir.
He came in as a rep for a large
Russian trading company.
They think they can play us?
- Chief Kim.
- Yes, sir.
I'll back you 1 00%
You handle it.
- Take care, sir.
- But I think...
- Who said you can think!
Agent Lee
get a job at the hotel.
Yes, sir.
And you open up
an office next door.
Yes, sir.
And you!
Go home.
Get rid of
the password, too!
But Chief!
I'll be on the frontline and...
Chief!
I guarantee
it's 100%. real.
No credit cards.
I only take cash.
No, I can't take credit cards.
Evening...
You son of a bitch!
Oh, not you, sir
Hold on.
Hold on a sec, buddy.
Sorry, sir.
I'll meet you
at that place, before.
It's the real deal!
From the States!
No fake stuff
whatsoever!
Honey!
Someone's here!
Hey, buddy!
You don't call for 3 years
I thought you were dead!
Are you back for good?
Yes.
I gotta go on a delivery
Watch the store for me.
But Se-KYun!
This is the late-returns list.
Call and tell them
to return the videos
soon, okay?
- Sorry! I'll be back soon!
- Hey! Wait!
Cool suit, man!
Looks expensive!
Let me try it on, man.
Come on.
Let me try it, buddy.
Pretty cool!
Be right back.
Hey! Se-KYun!
- Do you come here often?
- No.
I waited till I found a girlfriend
to come to a nice place like this.
This is Yangji Videos.
Could you bring in
the overdue DVD?
This is Yangji Videos.
If you don't bring it in today
I'll come to your house.
If you don't bring the 50 cents
I'll tell your mom!
Bring it now!
Thinks he can write off
50 cents!
Soo-ji?
- Excuse me.
- Sure.
Hello?
Ms. Ahn Soo-ji?
Yes.
The one who used to
be a travel agent?
Yes, but...
Who's calling please?
It is you! I knew it was you!
Is this...
Jae-joon?
Speak in Korean!
Why are you there?
This store's one of my clients.
Return the late DVD!
You took out a new release
for months!
Whatever! What I do is none
of your business!
Think I can't speak Japanese?
Bring in the DVD right now!
I'll wait all night, till you do!
Whatever! You moron!
Moron? Hey!
I'm sorry...
It's a really rude client
He came in yesterday.
Shouldn't you get back
to the office?
It's nothing! Really!
Let's eat.
Please eat.
Hello?
You testing my patience?
I told you to erase the password.
I was just following regulation.
You idiot! I'm your Chief!
Unlock it, now!
I'm sorry.
I think I'd better go.
I'm really sorry.
Harimao stake-out at NS Hotel
A man went in to meet
the 'Count' 40 minutes ago.
Find out who he is, now!
Mikael Naoumoff.
A former Russian
R.G. Intelligence Sergeant.
Commissioner of the Russian
Chamber of Commerce here.
But that's a fake lD.
You put passwords
on every file?
It's regulation...
Who was your trainer?
I can't tell you that, sir.
It's regulation.
You idiot!
You learned from Chang-man
didn't you?
Or was it Young-gwang?
Dong-KYu?
Joong-sung?
Chief! The Count
ordered room service.
Okay!
I'll go, Chief!
Forget it, boy.
I've been chasing him
since Russia.
I can tell what he's thinking
by the look in his eyes.
Four minutes to delivery, sir.
Let me do it, Chief.
You don't have field experience.
I swear on my life, Chief!
For the country!
That bastard!
You idiot!
Ready! I'm going in!
But don't I get a gun?
Keep forgetting to add 'sir'?
Wanna die?
We don't have guns!
Shit?
Did he just say, 'shit'?
Are you trembling?
No, sir.
Stupid! Don't answer!
I'm sorry, sir.
Don't answer me!
Damn bastards
They're pretty good.
- What do you think?
- They're no fools, sir.
- Enough with the obvious!
- Something's fishy, sir.
Enough with the nonsense!
A tighter watch...
Enough with the textbook talk!
No more to say, right?
Just go home.
No, Chief. I can do this!
You couldn't even do
the room service job right.
I don't need you.
Go home.
Start over, boys!
What's with you?
How did you get in here?
Your door code's the same.
Put that away!
Did you wait long?
My company suddenly
called me in.
Don't flatter yourself!
Think I went there
just cuz you told me to?
You don't mean
anything to me, now.
- But...
- How much is the late fee?
- How much is it?
Let me talk! Not the head!
Soo-ji, let me explain.
Get out.
I came!
I came here didn't l?
Isn't that enough?
Get out! You bastard!
- Get out!
- Ouch!
Soo-ji! Soo-ji!
Get lost!
Open the door now
or it's over!
One, two, three!
Fine! It's over!
I noticed wrinkles
forming on your neck.
You should take extra care
ofyour neck wrinkles.
Pull your chin out.
Turn your neck to the right
Then hold for 5 seconds.
This works on neck wrinkles?
Yup. It'll make your neck firmer.
Chin out.
Like this?
- Hey, sis?
- Chin out, more?
What do I do?
I haven't thought of him once
since he left me 3 years ago.
I erased him out of my mind.
But, now what do I do!
Then just date him, again!
Crazy?
He left me once.
Who says he won't do it again?
I broke up over 1 2 times
with my husband.
But when I tell him it's over
he pretends
he doesn't hear me.
Men are always
different and hard to tell.
Hello?
Yes, I'm watching the show.
I'd like the 1 2 piece
wrinkle care set.
Yes.
Order mine, too.
Can I pay in installments?
1 0 months?
I've been curious.
What's the team
in our next room?
Don't know.
It's a domestic team, right?
- Don't know.
- Really?
I bet you know
but you're not telling me...
Don't even try to figure out
what they're doing next door.
It's regulation.
- Watch it, kid
- Morning, sir.
Get up!
- Anything special?
- Nothing much.
They just play cards, take showers
eat, then take showers...
Taking so many showers
when the country's
low on water?
I think they're on to us.
What?
Shouldn't we notify our superiors?
I will when the time comes
Find anything peculiar?
- Nothing, sir.
- There is, sir!
Right, the new kid
Find anything?
Former Russian spies
were trained
to communicate with cards
when they're being tapped.
Really?
By converting the card numbers
to the Cyrillic Alphabet...
Stary Bric'
It means, 'long-time enemy'.
I think it refers
to the killer's target.
Good. Very good.
I'm still analyzing
this scene and this.
I think they used
a double code.
Give me a few days
I can decode it, sir.
The guy's got talent.
I'll back you 1 00%%. Jae-joon
You handle it.
The Count's coming out!
- I'll go!
- Shut up and stay put!
- Send him out.
- Yes?
Give Jae-joon the chance
to be a true Harimao.
Thank you, sir!
He's going down to
the parking lot.
What are you waiting for!
Know how to trail someone?
Taxi!
Open the door!
Are you ignoring me?
He's coming! Go!
- Can't you hear me!
- Move!
Hey! You son of a bitch!
Victor?
You idiot!
Why are you in front of him?
Trail him! Not escort him!
Trail him, you idiot.
Go behind him, now!
Why are you driving like that?
In Korea, it's the fastest
to follow behind cabs.
Stop following me!
That damn idiot.
Are you being chased or something!
I did it!
Where are they?
They're not there yet.
Then what did you do?
I'm finally trailing them, sir!
You idiot!
Who the hell was your trainer!
At the amusement park.
And the Count?
Still trailing him.
Don't forget to add, 'sir'.
That ain't right.
Okay.
I give up...
This looks good!
What a way to spend my birthday.
- We don't have the luxury.
- Target's on the move!
Always when I'm eating!
Get ready, people!
Hurry up! Go!
All agents, standby!
I think they're on to us.
Get the goods!
I beg your pardon.
- Do you know her?
- No.
Are you Okay?
Hold on! Pregnant women
aren't allowed in! See?
Wait!
Back off! NlS!
Give me a break, lady.
Ouch!
Can't you do your jobs right!
If it gets out
half the people in Seoul could die!
If it breaks
it's a biochemical weapon!
Use your head!
You... I told you to keep still!
Didn't l!
It was an urgent matter, sir.
Look at this!
You said you don't have guns!
What's this?
You all have guns!
Why don't I get one!
Fine.
I almost died, today!
I'm a Harimao!
Why can't I have a gun
A Harimao?
You?
That's right
I'm a Harimao, too!
Put it on.
Thank you
I didn't have an umbrella.
You look tired
Is something wrong?
Just some annoying client...
I'll see you later.
Well...
I'm sorry.
Did you put it on?
Yes, sir.
You think you're ready
to go out on the field?
Of course, sir!
Fine.
The one who grabs this gun
and shoots first is the winner.
If you win
I walk away from here.
If I win
you're dead.
Fine, sir.
I told you!
If I win, you're dead.
Don't ask to go out
on the field anymore.
An untrained colleague
is more dangerous than the enemy.
A bullet-proof suit
is useless against knives.
But that can even block knives
So wear it.
Where are you?
Happy birthday!
Thanks.
Let's start over.
They say it's 3%%..
The chance of people who broke up
getting back together for good.
I didn't leave, cuz I wanted to.
It was because of you.
You couldn't trust me enough?
But you made it that way.
Then fine.
Just go.
Soo-ji, that's not
what I'm trying to say.
That is what you're saying.
It was your fault!
I'm dating someone.
He's a good person.
I'm going to marry him.
I'll teach you for real
You'll never forget it.
Attack! Offensif!
Defensif!
Contre offensif!
I almost died!
Just when I thought I was dead...
All I could think about was you!
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry...
I couldn't even say it.
I love you, Soo-ji.
Wait!